link to finish codepen  https://codepen.io/VABIII/pen/vYZGOeo?editors=1000

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    it introduces meaning to the web page rather 
    than just presentation 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    creating web pages and tells the browser how to display them 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    it is a special word used inside the opening tag to control
    the elements behaviour
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    defines the most important heading and can only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and anchor tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    specific information about the web page that is not displayed to the user
    7. What is an id?
    an element attribute used identify specific elements 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any HTML element will contain the id attribute
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Once 
    10. What is a class? 
    specifies one or more class names for an element.
     Classes are used by CSS and JavaScript to select and access specific elements. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    The class attribute is availible to all 
    HTML elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
     There is no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target= "_blank";
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to provide additional information for the image if for some
    reason the image does not load correctly
    15. How do I reference an id?
    # followed by the id name 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section means that the content inside is grouped and relates to 
    a single theme. Div does not convey any meaning outside of 
    what is found in its attributes
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Defining the styles for web pages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    elment name (ex h2, a, p, div) followed by {} - css selector
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The difference is unique to only one element and can only be used Once
    per page while a class selector can apply to multiple elements.
    You would use an id to refer to a certain <p> attribute Once
    while class would be used to refer to multiple elements
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    . followed by the class name {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .humans {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the 
    specified element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div .sidebar {} The space between div and link means it will 
    be applied to all links inbetween the div tags
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a keyword added to a selector that lets you style a specific part 
    of the selected elements
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform property with values of uppercase, lowercase, Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: dashed;
        border-width: 1px;
        border-color: black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * the universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/ anything inbetween the *'s is considered a comment and not read as part of code
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm It will not give you a warning before it deletes
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it helps keep track of changes and keeps every team member working off the latest version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, copy clone ssh link, in terminal cd into destination folder for clone,
    replace link with whatever the ssh key os for your repo, cd into new repo, 
    create new branch using the checkout cmd, then open current repo in VS Code,
    do work and save it, add repo changes withh git add . cmd, then commit changes
    with commit cmd, the use push cmd to push changes back upstream, enter ssh key, 
    go to repo on GitHub, select yur name instead of master in dropdown menu top left,
    create pull request, change 'base repository' to 'mine', submit pull request,
    copy url and submit.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline elements do not start on a new line while a block element always
    starts on a new line
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it is positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor, but if it 
    has no positioned ancestor, it uses the the document body and moves along with 
    page scrolling.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    make it an inline element
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div, p, section.  span and anchor. display 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
